Improvements to background section (#158)
zcash/halo2: book/src/background/curves.md

# Elliptic curves

Elliptic curves constructed over finite fields are another important cryptographic tool.

We use elliptic curves because they provide a cryptographic [group](fields.md#Inverses_and_groups),

> i.e. a group in which the [discrete logarithm problem](fields#) is hard.

Author: Huh, I thought I'd fixed that. *Checks whether everything was committed.*

> i.e. a group in which the [discrete logarithm problem](fields#) is hard.

Reviewer: This still isn't fixed.

> i.e. a group in which the [discrete logarithm problem](fields#) is hard.

Author: ```suggestion
i.e. a group in which the discrete logarithm problem (discussed below) is hard.
```

intersects this line and then negate. Otherwise, in the event that a point is being
"added" to its negation, the result is the point at infinity.

The ability to add and double points naturally gives us a way to scale them by integers,
called _scalars_. The number of points on the curve is the group order. If this number
is a prime $q$, then the scalars can be considered as elements of a _scalar field_,
$\mathbb{F}_q$.

Elliptic curves, when properly designed, have an important security property. Given two
random elements $G, H \in E(\mathbb{F}_p)$ finding $a$ such that $[a] G = H$, otherwise
known as the discrete log of $H$ with respect to $G$, is considered computationally
infeasible with classical computers. This is called the elliptic curve discrete log
assumption.

> If an elliptic curve group $\mathbb{G}$ has prime order $q$ (like the ones used in Halo),

Reviewer: "used in Halo 2"? (since I assume you're referring to this crate)

Author: ```suggestion
If an elliptic curve group $\mathbb{G}$ has prime order $q$ (like the ones used in Halo 2),
```
